docs: add readme (#1)
flybywiresim/a380: README.md

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flybywiresim/fbw-branding/master/svg/FBW-Logo.svg" placeholder="FlyByWire" width="400"/>

# CAUTION: WORK IN PROGRESS

> **THOSE AIRCRAFT PROJECT FILES DO __NOT__ CONTAIN A FLYABLE AIRCRAFT. THIS IS FOR DEVELOOPMENT PURPOSES ONLY.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**THESE AIRCRAFT PROJECT FILES DO __NOT__ CONTAIN A FLYABLE AIRCRAFT. THIS IS FOR DEVELOPMENT PURPOSES ONLY.**
```
